Initial commit of script for com.002 (#110)
resource-watch/data-pre-processing: Pending_updates/com_002_airports/README.md

## Airports Dataset Pre-processing
This file describes the data pre-processing that was done to [the Airports](https://openflights.org/data.html) for [display on Resource Watch](https://resourcewatch.org/data/explore/c111725c-e1c5-467b-a367-742db1c70893).

The source provided the data in a dat format.

> Below, we describe the steps used to reformat the table before we uploaded it to carto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, we describe the steps used to reformat the table before we uploaded it to Carto.
```

> 1. We read in the data as a pandas data frame and removed the extra column containing indexes.
> 2. We reordered the index and gave the columns the correct header.
> 3. We replaced '\N' and 'NaN' in the data frame with None.
> 4. We changed the data types of the 'latitude', 'longitude', and 'daylight_savings_time' columns to float.
> 5. We changed the data types of the 'altitude' column to integer.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Read in the data as a pandas data frame and remove the extra column containing indexes.
2. Reorder the index and give the columns the correct header.
3. Replace '\N' and 'NaN' in the data frame with None.
4. Change the data types of the 'latitude', 'longitude', and 'daylight_savings_time' columns to float.
5. Change the data types of the 'altitude' column to integer.
```
